parquet parser for dataframe serialisation (#317)
alchemistry/alchemlyb: docs/parsing.rst

metadata (see issue `pandas-dev/pandas#28283 <https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/28283>`_).

Serialisation
'''''''''''''

> To facilitate IO of the dataframe, the ``dHdl`` and ``u_nk`` could be serialised
> and load back via the `parquet <https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/user_guide/io.html#io-parquet>`_ ::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alchemlyb data structures (``dHdl`` and ``u_nk``) can be serialized as dataframes
and made persistent.
We use the `parquet <https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/user_guide/io.html#io-parquet>`_
format for serializing (writing) to a file and de-serializing (reading) from a 
parquet file.

For serialization we simply use the :meth:`pandas.DataFrame.to_parquet` method of
a :class:`pandas.DataFrame`. For loading alchemlyb data we provide the 
:func:`alchemlyb.parsing.parquet.extract_dHdl` and 
:func:`alchemlyb.parsing.parquet.extract_u_nk` functions as shown in the example::

```
